Hello guys. If you struggling deciding a model that actually works for you, I found one that you're seriously going to like. I call this 2inut open high local model. And today I'm going to show you how it works step by step why it repeats every single day and how you can back test this uh yourself with your guess work. If it sounds something like you needing it, make sure to hit the like button, subscribe and let's get into this. Let's go. Well guys, here is back testing dashboard from Tradezilla. As you can see, my win rate for this model 71% and I took almost 300 trades. So, I back tested entire 2024 and from January to May 2025 and my trades were 2 R, sometimes a bit less, sometimes a bit more, but I ended up being 2 R for the entire year, more than uh one year. How I did this? Let me show you. The framework for this model is built around something every candle give us open, high, low, close. But the difference here is in how we read that candle through accumulation, manipulation, distribution. Basically, every single candle give us a story. So, let's dive into this. I already talked about candlestick formation in my previous videos, but right now I would like to cover this again and let's talk about what is going on uh once candle opened. Well, step one is accumulation. As I said before, accumulation happens at the open of the candle or near the open of the candle. So, in other word, accumulation is consolidation. Low volume range bouncing. So, pretty much nothing is going on, simply consolidating. Step two, manipulation. As I mentioned before, manipulation forms low or high of the candle. So as you can see on my picture we below consolidation low accumulation low which offered low of the candle and if you know that price is bullish on high time frame we anticipate to get probably bullish candle right at this point we're waiting for the break below accumulation low we enter in some sort of high frame level to anticipate potential reaction from this level or any PD right and once manipulation offered you will anticipate to get distribution so manipulation will offer flow of the candle. Step number three. So I'm not going to talk about distribution just for now. So what is going on once we got transition from accumulation to manipulation? So this transition from accumulation to manipulation builds framework for distribution. So what do I mean by this? That the distance between open of the candle and low at this point in our case. So we'll offer set up framework to anticipate a real move in the direction of the trend. So inside this framework for distribution inside my purple area we will find entry to enter along in the direction of the trend. Always always step number four distribution low resistance liquidity after manipulation offer it once low is in we got reaction from some sort of PD. So framework uh for distribution formed right. So we want to long inside my purple area and we anticipate to get move in the direction of the trend to higher from level to close our long. But how should I trade this? So framework for distribution important to cover this important to talk about this. So we want to long below candle open. We want to short above candle open. And inside my purple area which I call framework for distribution you will get change in the state of delivery. What is change in the state of delivery? this change in something at this point change in order flow and this point I will look uh for change in the state of delivery inside my purple area. So basically between open of the candle and low of the candle right there and exactly right there I want to find setup to enter my long to anticipate move in the detection of the trend. I would say the most common question is how should I pick order block changing the state of delivery and first I would like to say order block is changing the state of delivery changing the state of delivery forms a real order block so it's not two different words it's exactly the same one just two different interpretation so order block changing the state of delivery changing the state of delivery is order block so how should I pick order block or change in the state of delivery so we have two options So first option uh we hit higher frame level we got sequence at this point we got sequence of done close candle so I can use entire sequence of done close candle to anticipate potential move higher. So basically anticipate potential change in order flow change in the state of delivery or I can use the very first candles that touch higher frame level and I can use this candle as my order block. So I can use once again either sequence of down close candles once we hit higher frame level and that's very important. We cannot pick just random sequence to anticipate order block. We must hit some sort of higher frame level P to anticipate potential reaction potential change in order flow or I can just pick once again the very first candles that touch higher PD higher frame level and consider this as order block. It's up to you. personally prefer sequence but once again you can book test sequence you can book test just first kind of the touch height from Py it's up to you personal preference time to talk about setup itself so as you can see uh I highlight and I book test at 10:00 a.m. and 1:00 p.m. hour power of three but I would like to make a note if you like to trade premarket you can consider 9:00 a.m. power of 3 hourly power of 3 as well it's going to work exactly in the same way as 10:00 a.m. and 1:00 p.m. So if you just prefer to trade by market, here's idea for you. Trade one uh AM power of the hourly power of day. So first of all 1 hour open high low close will offer 2 minute change in the state of delivery to anticipate potential framework for distribution. Framework for distribution that I mentioned before will be based on two minute chart. two minute chart will offer two minute change in the state of delivery change in order flow that we would like to consider for potential trade. Okay, let's take a look on picture that you can see right on your screen. So what you can see we just touch high frame level and quick note we sitting on two minute chart right now and once you hit this height frame level we anticipate to get smart money reversal. What else can we see? Right now, we're trading above 10:00 a.m. open or 1:00 p.m. open. And since we anticipate to get reversal, we would like to find framework for distribution above 10:00 a.m. open and 1:00 p.m. open. So, depends on session. So, for this, I would like to see price trading above 10:00 a.m. open and form 2 minute change in the state of delivery to anticipate potential distribution lower basically lower resistance liquidity run lower. So this in my gray box I highlighted sequence of up close candles. Once again it's up to you. You can just highlight last up close candle because that was very first candle that touch higher frame p or you just can highlight a sequence the first sequence. Going to highlight sequence of candles once you got the closure below low uh of this candle right there. So I'm going to consider this as order block. I'm going to place my entry at the open of next candle because we're not always going to get uh retracing back to order block. So always safe but a bit more uh bigger stop loss at this point is going to be place my entry your entry at the open of this candle with stop loss above swing high and you want to aim strictly for 2 R. So of course you can take partials at uh some sort of internal liquidity levels but idea of this model is to aim for two R not less not more. I mean of course you can aim for more but idea is to have just like default setup uh 2 R. That's pretty much it. So 10:00 a.m. power of three 1 p.m. power of three. Step number one high time frame bias daily power of three. We cannot blindly simply just enter long because we want to see it this higher. We cannot blindly enter short because we want to see this lower. Market absolutely doesn't care about what we want to see. So we must consider higher frame bias or this daily power of three. Step number two reversal continuation. So we'll talk about this in a moment. Step number three at reach higher from level get smart money reversal. If failed at reach higher frame level a retracement to continue going higher lower to higher frame level. So right now you see on your screen big up close candle right here. So this is my daily candle current daily candle. So here's hourly candle right. So what you have here is 10:00 a.m. hourly candle. Here is 9:00 a.m. 8 7 6 and so on. So here's 10:00 a.m. hourly candle. So basically we got 6 p.m. open and move price move higher formed high of this candle so far and here formed high of the candle right at 10:00 a.m. So what we can see we got SMT we hit higher frame level. So at this point I anticipate to get potential smart money reversal reversal to anticipate this move up on daily candle as manipulation to end this candle formation as be candle. So basically this candle and ends to be like done close candle. So once you got reversal uh smart money reversal confirmed but higher from level we got high in right here and we want to see the rest of the day is going to be short opportunity smart money reversal. So my idea is to trade this early candle for potential short and trade this 1 p.m. candle for potential continuation. So let's see how it how it works. So 10:00 a.m. power of three. So as you can see once again we got daily open. This looks on like this on daily chart. This looks like uh um like this on 1 hour chart and price moved higher. So since anticipate to see price ending higher from level and reversing down. So basically we got uh sell off right after this. I would like to see price going higher preferably until 10. Sometimes it's in line. Once again if this stop works for every single power of three depends on when we can get this smart money reversal and once you can uh when we can hit higher frame level so at this point we hit higher frame level around 8:00 a.m. But it failed to offer any signs of smart money reversal. Minor pullback. Nothing happened right there. So anticipate to get continuation higher until we can get smart money reversal. So once again high is in and what I can see we got SMT let's say between ES and then Q between ES and YM between gold and silver. So we got SMT right here. Then I would like to switch on lower time frame and to see what is going on right now on two minute chart. So here's 10 minute chart. So here is this SMT between yes and then Q let's say. So here's 10 a.m. open 10 a.m. open 10 a.m. open. So as you can see price opened continue going higher. So basically traded above 10 a.m. open and what happened right there. So once again we hit higher frame level. We inside higher frame level right. So anticipate to get potential reaction down smart money reversal. So first I know we have level we have SMT right now I'm going to wait for change in the state of delivery on miniature to anticipate potential change in order flow once again price traded above 10 a.m. open right? So continue going higher. We got sequence of up close candles and then price closed below the low of this candle right there. So first sign of smart money reversal is here. So I'm going to open my trade my short trade at the open of this candle. I'm going to put my stop loss at swing high and I'm going to aim for 2 hour. So here's idea how to trade 10:00 a.m. power of three. Exactly is going to work for 9:00 a.m. power of three. Exactly is going to work for every single hourly power of three. So I mentioned before, so we have daily candle, we got manipulation up, we hit higher frame level, we got 10:00 a.m. a reversal. So the rest of the day possibly is going to be bullish. So what happened right here? So high is in here is 11:00 a.m. 12:00 p.m. and 1:00 p.m. candle. So we hit harder from level right now. Seems like we did nothing in the middle of nowhere. So probably 1 p.m. will be continuation lower after a retracement. So as I said before, we did not hit level. We anticipating a retracement continuation. Continuation will be lower at this point. So let's see what is going on there. So we got sell off. So basically this candle daily candle is going to look like this by the end of the day. So here's our candle and what is going on right here. So we got 1 p.m. open price offered retracement higher. So it offered another SMT SMT preferably to have it offered another SMT and what is going to happen next potential reversal continuation lower. I'm going to switch right now into mini chart to see what is going on there. So we got 1 p.m. open price trace to some sort of rare value gap on 2 minute chart offer at SMT between yes and Q gold silver any instrument you like to trade. So what I want to see I would like to anticipate potential continuation lower. Let's see if we have any signs for this. So price trade above 1 p.m. open. That's great for us because we anticipate to see a lower. We got sequence of up close candles. We're waiting for the closure below sequence of up close candles to get change in the state of change in order flow. So we got the closure right here. We even got breaker block right there. So I'm going to open my trade at the open of this candle. Swing uh high is going to be my uh stop loss. Going to aim for 2 hour. Of course, I'm can leave my um runner to any higher from level lower. Participate to see potential low of the candle. That's absolutely up to you. That's absolutely okay. So as I mentioned before, it's impossible to enter the trade without understanding high frame level. So let's take a look confirmation that we can use to enter the trade. So first of all, obviously high frame bias. So let's say we enter daily bearish fair value gap. So do we have any smart money reversal on lower time frame right now? Mhm. We got SMT. Mhm. We got uh order block. Mhm. I mean changing the state of the we got market structure shift. We got the retracement back to changing the state of delivery. Probably unicorn for volume gap. So yes, we do have smart money reversal. Right now I'm going to switch on to minute chart to see if I can have any setups there. So once again, we got SMT. We got trade. We traded above 10 a.m. open right now. Absolutely brilliant. We inside daily for volume gap. Bish value gap. So this works for me. I will look for short. So waiting for the once again trade above 10 a.m. open formation of order block. So I'm waiting for the closure below sequence of up close candles where I'm going to just use uh the very first candle that touch high frame PD at this point is going to be daily for volume gap and once you got the closure I'm going to open my trade at the open of next candle with stop loss above swing high below swing close depends on the direction going to aim for two R. Lots of people ask me about if it's possible to trade this model without bias. Yes, my answer you can trade it without bias. But the question is how good win rate is going to be at this point but still possible. I book tested it works but probably not going to give you 70% win rate. So let's take a look at this. So preferably would like to use kill zones liquidity levels. You can use sessions uh liquidity levels. I prefer kill zones. So for Asia between 8:00 p.m. and 12:00 a.m. New York time. load and kill zone between 2:00 a.m. and 5:00 a.m. New York time. So if you look for the trade with no bias, you can consider liquidity session or kill zone session. But for AM session, that's important to see in here. This the move will happen at 9:00 a.m. early power of 3, not 10:00 a.m. 10:00 a.m. will be continuation for P.M. 1 p.m. is fine uses. So let's take a look at my picture. So for example, let's talk about AM session. So uh no bias just want to trade from uh session liquidity level to session liquidity level from kill zone liquidity level to kill zone liquidity level. So as you can see price took Asia low right maybe it took London low it's up to you once again doesn't really matter. Let's say it took Asia low or London low. So perfect. It formed two minute order block. it formed any signs of smart money reversal in miniature SMT something to anticipate smart money reversal. So once we took overnight level I'm going to repeat this again. Asia low London low and offered any signs of smart money reversal on mini chart. I'm going to enter the long trade using uh ID2R where I'm going to just put my stop loss at sw. I'm going to aim for opposite liquidity level. It can be London high. It can be Asia high. But I'm going to aim for session liquidity level to session liquidity level. From kill zone liquidity level to kill zone liquidity level. So and yes I'm going to use 9:00 a.m. hourly power of the to trade 2 minute open high low close model 2 minute uh order block with any signs with smart money reversal on 2 minute chart. No bias that's okay. You can try to trade from session to session, from kill zone to kill zone. Well guys, here's example. This happened this week. It was on Tuesday. So, as you can see, what we got pretty much consolidation. We traded between London high and London low. Kill zone liquidity levels between 2:00 a.m. and 5:00 a.m. So, what happened? So, price traded down, took London low. And what happened? Yes, it offered SMT day. Uh, it offered 2 minute inversion for a volume gap. It offer a 2 minute change in the state of delivery. Here's a note you can use since it's small week right here. You can include this week in order block. If it's going to be big week, just include body, not week. At this point, it's up to you. You can include week, you can include just um open of the scandal. Up to you. Doesn't really matter. But when it's big week, it's important to include only open of the candle. So once again, we got smart money reversal. We got move from uh basically accumulation move to London low. It offered two minute model hourly power of three price traded below 9:00 a.m. open. So this orange line is 9:00 a.m. open perfect offer at order block. I'm going to enter my trade at the open of this candle or I'm going to wait for the tracement back to order block breaker block. So stop loss is going to be swallow at this point. No reason since it's order huge order block. No reason to put stop loss at sw. I'm going to another find another swing low which is going to be slightly below mean threshold of water block and I'm going to for two or just London high from session to session from kill zone to kill zone. Well guys now it's time to show my trades like back tested so not going to just pick trades that worked uh in random chart. So from now I'm going to show you losses I'm going to show you wins. So first example it was from session to session. So what happened? We got 1 p.m. open. So price pretty much traded near open of the candle which I call accumulation. Nothing is going on so far. And here's a quick note. For example, you want to tell me it offered order block because price traded above 1 p.m. open. Here's quick note when we got uh formation of order block like this. So basically order block started below open and finished above the open. It's not going to work. So order block must form either above 1 pm open or below 1 pm open. It cannot form like this. It must be above or below. So okay I call this accumulation. What happened? So price traded above below. So pretty much accumulation. Then it broke lower took lunch and yeah what is going on so far? So trading trading trading trading. Once again I cannot use this order block because uh formed above 1 p.m. it's still a consolidation. I'm going to wait for another order block. Perfect. So, we got one more move lower. It offered order block right here. Sequence of done close candles. I'm going to open my trade at the open of next candle. Maybe it's going to retrace slightly. Stop loss to our or opposite liquidity level. So, from lunch low to AM high, lunch high. So, as you can see, worked amazing. Perfect. also important to talk about invalidation because we have some cases when trade is not going to work. first and when we have time distortion so lots of time I saw people confuse time distortion with potential reversal and this happens when we see clearly let's say perfect textbook short set up inside market maker buy model but we did not hit high FM level for example time distortion is consolidation normally second stage of market maker model so I discuss this in my market maker model video you can watch this if you want so even if we got SMT Even if we got breakoff structure to downside but we did not hit any higher from level. Yes, it offered two minute order block. Yes, you see this as a plus set up but it's time distortion clear the second stage of market maker buy model or sell model. Don't enter this trade. It's not going to work at all. It's not going to work. It's never going to work. I took some losses uh on steams and my losses based on this model and even my back test was based on time distortion setup. So I saw time distortion it was like reversal from nowhere. So but we learned from our mistakes. So once again even if it offered SMT break of structure 2 minute change in the state of delivery but still the inside market maker buy model or sell model don't enter up as detection trade. So as you can see for example I entered two minute order block stop loss above swing high 2 did not work. In other case when it's not going to work sometimes it's going to work but most of the time it's not trend day trade against the trend. So when we have let's say strong bullish trend and from nowhere it formed like we traded above 10 a.m. open 1 p.m. open and from nowhere it offer two minute order block. You cannot short it simply because it offer two minute order block right. So of course you can aim for from liquidity to liquidity at this point it's never going to offer two. So it can retrace but it's not going to work. So minor retracement to continue going higher in the direction of the trend. We don't want to trade against the trend. So if trend is extremely bullish don't short this. Never ever. Well, more examples from my back test. So, as you can see, we got 10 a.m. open price with my orange line. Price traded above 10 a.m. open. We got SMTV hit higher frame level. We got sequence of up close candles that I'm going to use my as my change in the state of delivery. We got inversion. So, as you can see, I opened my trade at the open of next candle with stop loss above swing uh high and my to my disc was two. So basically I got two R stick two R. Of course I could aim for any liquidity level lower idea is to aim for two R only. So another example also win. So we trade above 10 open. We clearly can see this. For example, what I don't really like to have for example if we did not have this small down close candle probably I would not touch this because we got move immediately after um 10 a.m. open. So hard to use this as order block. So I happy to see it offered minor retracement right. So we got the uh sequence of up close candles. We got the closure we w pretty big right there. So as I said I can use open of the candle. So once we got the closure I open my trade at the open of next candle. Swing high is my stop loss. I took some partial at internal liquidity levels. It wasn't 2 R. So I aim for 2 R. Left my runner to 2 R. Perfect. Amazing. Another example also when we traded above 1 p.m. open. So once again when order block started forming like you want to tell me probably it traded already uh above 100 p.m. open or we got a move right there but as you can see it was distortion right here. So it's accumulation. We don't have like main move right here to anticipate continuation higher. So nothing is going on so far. So it's still accumulation not going to work. This move up. Yes, we got the closure, but order blocks started below 1 p.m. open. Not going to work. So, at this point, I'm going to wait for probably continuation higher. We hit some sort of high frame level. We we hit internal liquidity level right now. Yes, I clearly can see we traded below 1 p.m. open with liquidity sweep. We got the closure above sequence at this point. We got one two. So, I used two candles. Uh open of next candle was my entry stop loss sw going to aim for two R example of loss inside but time distortion of course so clearly time distortion right 1 p.m. Clearly time distortion nothing is going on. Time distortion second stage of redistribution reaccumulation. At this point it was reaccumulation. So I enter the trade like it was from nowhere. Yes we got SMT but it was from nowhere. So yes it offered inversion order block. I enter my trade at the open of next candle. Stop loss was swing high. Could use this swing. Doesn't really matter. 2 did not work. Once we got end of the move we hit higher from level. It worked. But who cares? No one cares. Another was inside a trend trend up. So we got 10 p.m. open 10:00 a.m. open price traed above this level. It's trend. We did not hit high from level. So I saw minor liquidity sweep. I saw order block. I entered the trade. Stop loss went high. Want to see worked. Did not work. Why? Because trade against the trend. Want me to drop full book test results on this? Smash the like and comment simate model so I know you're serious. Subscribe if you find this helpful. And reminder, don't chase, don't guess, just track and execute. See you next time, guys. Bye-bye.